update manage subscribers page v2.3.x (#951)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/newsletter-subscribers.md

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Marketing** > _Communications_ > **Newsletter Subscribers**.

   For a multi-site setup where some customers have subscriptions for more than one site, each subscription is displayed as a line item in the grid.

> 1. Find the subscriber in the grid and select the checkbox in the first column. **Note** For the bulk unsubscribe select the checkbox of each subscriber that you want to cancel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the subscriber in the grid and select the checkbox in the first column.

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   For a bulk unsubscribe, select the checkbox of each subscriber that you want to cancel.
```
